It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
After all, to the well-organised mind, death is but the next great adventure.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.
What's comin' will come, an' we'll meet it when it does.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
People find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?
Let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress adventure.
Don't let the muggles get you down.
We could have all been killed, or worse, expelled.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
You're a wizard, Harry."
But you know, happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.
You sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
No, Draco, it is my mercy, and not yours, that matters now.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
He is dead!
just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.
Until the very end
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
